Add ver tag documentation (#18)
scitokens/scitokens.github.io: technical_docs/Claims.md

* *iss* (Issuer): The issuer of the SciTokens; this MUST be populated in a token chain.  It MUST contain a unique URL for the organization; this unique key will later be used for validation and bootstrapping trust roots.  This is used to identify the virtual organization (VO) that issues the token; it is expected that services maintain a map of issuer URLs to coarse-grained authorizations.

> * *aud* (Audience): A service the SciToken is authorized to access.  For example, if the VO has write access to several storage services, this claim may be utilized to limit a token to a single endpoint URI.  As in RFC7519, the `aud` claim is not necessarily a URI: for example, it might be the name of a target site.   The service may accept several different possible audiences; the service endpoint at `https://storage.example.com` may accept an audience of either `Site_Example` or `https://storage.example.com` but ought to reject an audience of `https://www.google.com`.  The `aud` claim is OPTIONAL in version 1.0, mandatory in 2.0.

Reviewer: We agreed that we would have a "wildcard" audience that indicated any resource server should accept it.

Did we agree on a token?  If not, I'd propose to literally have `ANY`.

* *jti* (JWT ID): The interpretation for `jti` is unchanged from the RFC. It is a unique identifier that protects against replay attacks, improves traceability of tokens through a distributed system, and enables revocation.  The `jti` claim is OPTIONAL.

> * *ver* (Version): The version of the token.  `ver` is used to version the claim formats and attribute names.  The format of the `ver` claim is: `<profile>:<version>`.  The `ver` claim is optional.  If absent, the default is `scitoken:1.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *ver* (Version): The version of the token.  `ver` is used to version the claim formats and attribute names.  The format of the `ver` claim is: `<profile>:<version>`.  The `ver` claim is optional in SciTokens 1.0 but mandatory in all other versions; if absent, clients MUST process the token as belonging to the SciTokens 1.0 profile
```

  "iss": "https://scitokens.org/cms",
  "iat": 1509988190,
  "scope": "read:/store write:/store/user/bbockelm",
  "nbf": 1509988190,
  "ver": "scitoken:2.0",

>   "aud": "https://cms.example.com"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "aud": "https://transfer-server.example.com"
```

}
```

> The implementation of `site` is purposely ambiguous; hence, the `aud` claim must be used to restrict a token to a specific endpoint:

Reviewer: Can we just remove `site` for SciTokens 2.0?  I think we've just been using `aud` instead.
